Brennan Crooks - Play Test Report

1.
  Not played games in several years, likes Nintendo games.
  Plays lots of mobile games e.g. Township
  also enjoys Mario games
2.
  Likes visually appealing and easy to play games.
  Likes unlockables and progression.
3.
  Halo 4 (2012)

After test questions
  1. The enemies spawning behind, feels rushed and cornered.
  2. Beating the boss.
  3. Get rid of bugs, add some way to now how well they are doing like score or
      levels passed, remove lag between hitting exit and going to upgrade
      screen.
  4. No, boss health should not regenerate, enemies shouldn't spawn behind.
  5. Yes, did not now goal at first, whether it was to get to end or kill bad
    guys slow time did not seem like it was even working, did not understand
    tokens at first. Did not understand how the levels were chosen. Did not
    know what most power ups did.
  6. Basic straight-forward, dodge enemies and shoot, get upgrades and get
      better at dodging and shooting.
  7. More weapons like a sword, more exciting level ending.
  8. Yes, very accurate.
  9. Too fast for personal preferences. otherwise pretty good.
  10. Good. Kind of wanted a way to aim and shoot using only keyboard.
  11. Yes.
  12. Played for about half an hour and did not get boring, likely would have
      become boring had they kept playing. Would probably keep interest if had
      some measure of accomplishment to provide motivation.

Rating questions
  1. 3
  2. 4
  3. 5
  4. 3
  5. 5


Examiner Observations:
 The play tester is likely outside of our target demographic, they are
 interested in more casual genres games than ours. They do not play games
 very often so their gaming literacy is likely on the lower end. During
 play testing they initially did not realize they could hold down the mouse
 button to shoot. They did not realize enemies were dropping tokens when killed.
 They often ended the level without killing many enemies or back tracking to
 grab drops. They often lost track of where the boss was in the arena.
