1. Tell me about some of the games you play 
    That's a hard question to answer, whatever type of games would be like 
    current generation RPG's. I'm usually sucker for something has RPG elements, 
    whether that's character customization or a good story that you can have 
    some amount of control over with your choices, you know, I'm not under the 
    illusion that games using conditional logic ever really be equally player 
    choice driven unless it's all your doing. That kind of thing third person 
    open World Games with popular right now. So I play a lot of those like  
    Death Stranding, Jedi: Fallen Order, Greed Fall.

2.  What do you like most about these games? 
    The gameplay actually feels like it is logically consistent with the story. 
    And with what the story's asked me to do and what kind of character you're 
    playing. That's really rare in  video games
 
 3.  What was the last game you purchased?
    Star Wars Jedi: Fallen Order

What was the thing that you enjoyed the least?
    Limited content. The UI was too large.  

What was your favorite moment or aspect?
    The surprises, when a new enemy appears or the boss battle started. It's a 
    second where you're knocked off your comfort level.

If you could add or take away any part of the game what would it be?
    Add a cutscene or something to give context to what you are doing 

How would you feel about having a dash in the game?
    Yeah, I’d like that.

Did you feel like the game was fair?
    Yes 

Did you find any part of the game confusing or didn't understand?
    No, even when I was asking questions about how certain powers work, I was 
    getting those context clues because of having played similar types of games 
    before.
 
How would you describe this game to your friends and family?
    I'd say it was like those old scrolling airplane shooter on the NES like 
    1943: The Battle of Midway


Was there anything you want to do but couldn't?
    Upgrade the time slowdown and push back abilities. 

Do you think that the theme of the game is accurately portrayed?
    I didn't really have a clear idea of a theme. 

How did you feel about the pace of the game?
    It's good. You do get through all the content that's available quickly but 
    in a game with more content or with an infinite Loop that have the same 
    concept of played out more dynamic ways, that wouldn't be an issue. 

How do you feel about the controls of the game?
    Not as responsive as it could have been but I feel like that was by design. 
    It almost felt a little bit like skating.

Would you like controller support?
    I think it would be good for accessibility.

Did the game become boring or repetitive? If so how long did that take?
    Yes, probably at about 10 minutes. 

Please rate the following on a scale from 1 (worst) to 5 (best): 
fairness: 5
fun: 4
user interface: 2
pace: 3
movement and control system: 3 or 4 

Examiner Observations: 
The play tester is likely within our demographic. He plays a lot of games with a 
wide variety and has a high game literacy. He did not understand the purpose of 
tokens initially and wasn't trying to pick them up until he discovered that he 
could use them to level up. 

Play tester comments while playing were that he would like the game to be 
harder or have an option making it harder. The boss fight was too quick. He 
wanted some context provided by the game to tell you why you are doing what 
you are doing. 
